# SureStartVAIL
### Day 1: Feburary 8th
- I am looking foward to learn how to impelment my creativity to machine learning and AI. I am also excited to work on the makeathon project with my team members and grow as a traniee in this field through our curiculaum and networking events. I want to use the knowlege of AI and ML I would gain in this cohort to contribute to bettering the enviornment & planet and hopefully be a mentor to future generations
### Day 2: Feburary 9th
1. Supervised learning is labeled data that analyzes the training data and produces an inferred function (often used for predictions). However, Unsupervised learning is finding hidden structures in an unlabled data. 
2. The claim is false because Scikit-learning does not have power to visualize data without other data libraries (such as Pandas, Graphviz, and matplotlib) are used for delveloping training models.
### Day 3: Feburary 10th
1. Tensors are arrays that are multidimensional and are usually represented by multiple directions. Matrix is a Tensor and Tensor is some sort of generalization of matrices. Tensors are utilized in Machine Learning as they can hold multi-dimentional data, manipulate them, and update calculations extremely fast. 
2. It seems that there are a lot of layers that goes into Machine Learning, however, through TensorFlow, the layers of images could be broken down and classified similar qualities. 
### Day 4: Feburary 11th
- While researching the different deep learning applications, I came across several problems (to solve) that caught my interest. One real world problem is inaccurate detection of anomilies of the human eye. This could be solved with the Convolutional Neural Network using its image classification and the system learn from the differences of squence of images (from X-rays or MRIs) which would prepares for future predictive analysis. A data set I found is https://www.kaggle.com/kmader/siim-medical-images but more data could be found from the Public Health Records. 
### Day 9: Feburary 16th
1. The game, "Survival of the Fittest", the player was asked to make a judgemnt on who to hire for a job opening based on the potential employee's qualifications for a start up company in the Orange Valley. To make the judgment in a less amount of time, the hiring process was adapted from the Machine Learning technique/algorithm of automated hiring. This caused many bias occur in the dataset. Even if some of the blue canadate was qualified, they were not rejected as there were less blue employees. 
2. A real life example of a biased machine learning model is shown in hiring process where the system preferrs candidates with conventionally "white sounding names" and "male names." This creates a bigger racial and gender gap in jobs which continously teaches the model to hire those who are a certain race and race are more qualified. I believe that this could be changed to be more inclusive and fair but possibly checking the data frequently and create a gold standart for the data labeling.
### Day 10: Feburary 17th
- A Convolutional Neural Network speciallizes in image recognition and computer vision tasks. A fully Connected Neural Network is where all the neurons are connect to all the neurons on the next layer. Convolutional Neural Networks breaks up images into features and analyze them. They are best for enabling deep learning for computer vision to predict the best label as they have many pixels. A fully Connected Neural Network would take longer to time to process all of the data, therefore is best used when there are no missing data or assumptions made for them.
